Overview The Straits Times is the English flagship daily of SPH Media, one of the leading media companies in Asia. Launched on July 15, 1845, its comprehensive coverage of news from home and around the world makes The Straits Times the most-read newspaper in Singapore. Quality news, in-depth analyses, impactful commentaries and breaking stories are packaged to give readers riveting accounts of events in Singapore, the region, and beyond.  The most read newspaper in Singapore, both in terms of print and digital, it reaches 1.33 million people every day. The Straits Times'​ key strength is in its world class coverage of news outside Singapore. With 20 bureaus in major cities around the world, The Straits Times correspondents bring world news to readers on a Singapore platter, helping readers to appreciate world events from a Singaporean perspective.  Website http://www.straitstimes.com Phone 63196319Phone number is 63196319 Industry Newspaper Publishing Company size 1,001-5,000 employees 183 on LinkedIn  Includes members with current employer listed as The Straits Times, including part-time roles. Headquarters Singapore, Singapore Founded 1845 Specialties News and Digital media
About With over 500 properties worldwide, Marriott Hotels has reimagined hospitality to exceed the expectations of business, group, and leisure travelers.
Marriott Hotels, Marriott’s flagship brand of quality-tier, full-service hotels and resorts, provides consistent, dependable and genuinely caring experiences to guests on their terms. Marriott is a brilliant host to guests who effortlessly blend life and work, and who are inspired by how modern travel enhances them both. Our hotels offer warm, professional service; sophisticated yet functional guest room design; lobby spaces that facilitate working, dining and socializing; restaurants and bars serving international cuisine prepared simply and from the freshest ingredients; meeting and event spaces and services that are gold standard; and expansive, 24-hour fitness facilities.
Overview AERCO International, Inc. is a recognized leader in delivering cost-effective, condensing commercial boilers, high-efficiency water heaters across a variety of markets including education, lodging, government, office buildings, healthcare, industrial and multifamily housing. AERCO's system design approach provides customer-specific solutions that deliver superior building performance at a lower operating cost while assuring uptime reliability.  When AERCO was founded in 1949, it introduced a revolutionary design for an indirect-fired water heater that heated water on demand, and without storage, at a controlled temperature. This innovation became today's standard for water heaters, maximizing the recovery of latent heat energy and significantly increasing operating efficiency.   AERCO continued to innovate and in 1988, introduced the first condensing and fully modulating boiler and water heater to the commercial market. The modulating capability of these products, still unsurpassed more than 25 years later, matches the equipment's output to real-time heating demand, ensuring the units draw no more fuel to operate than is absolutely necessary. This not only saves precious energy, but also ensures money doesn't needlessly disappear "up the stack."​  AERCO differentiates itself through a solution-based model, leveraging decades of engineering experience and industry application expertise to understand each customer’s unique needs. By partnering directly with customers and end-users to understand their project-specific requirements, AERCO provides tailored application solutions that are comprised of original product technologies including high efficiency condensing products, compact footprints, high turndown ratios, unique fuel delivery, leading control systems and proprietary design elements that combine to deliver up to 99% efficiency.   Website http://www.aerco.com Phone 845-580-8000Phone number is 845-580-8000 Industry Industrial Machinery Manufacturing Company size 51-200 employees 119 on LinkedIn  Includes members with current employer listed as AERCO International, Inc., including part-time roles. Headquarters Blauvelt, NY Founded 1949 Specialties Leading manufacturer of condensing boilers, water heating and energy recovery products and The originator of semi-instantaneous water heating
Prince PLC: Overview We are a global leader of quality water solutions for residential, industrial, municipal, and commercial settings. Our family of brands offers one of the most varied product lines in the world, with world-class, water-related solutions focused on:  •	Plumbing & Flow Control •	Water Quality & Conditioning •	Water Reuse & Drainage •	HVAC •	Municipal Waterworks  Strategic Goals Watts Water is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “WTS.” As a public company, growing shareholder value is critical. To that end, we focus on a five-part Global Strategy: Growth, Commercial Excellence, Operational Excellence, “One Watts Water,” and a Talent & Performance Culture.  Follow us on all social media platforms @WattsWater  Website http://www.watts.com/ Industry Wholesale Building Materials Company size 5,001-10,000 employees 2,248 on LinkedIn  Includes members with current employer listed as Watts Water Technologies, including part-time roles. Headquarters North Andover, MA Specialties Plumbing, HVAC, Water Quality, Gas, Conditioning, Waterworks, and Drainage
About Courtyard Hotels is Marriott International’s largest hotel brand, with more than 1,100 hotels in over 50 countries worldwide. So, no matter where passion takes you, you’ll find us there to help you follow it. Proud members of Marriott Bonvoy.
